Welcome to my Wolfenstein 3D ripoff!
CONTROLS:
WASD for movement, same as original
*But I added mouse dragging because its 2022 and theres a reason
tank controls aren't used anymore
Clicking the mouse fires your pistol, if you have enough ammo

WORKS CITED:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eOCQfxRQ2pY | Wolfenstein 3D's map renderer
^ Used this resource to get the complicated trig needed to work the raycaster
https://www.spriters-resource.com/pc_computer/wolfenstein3d/
^ This resource gave all the sprites in the game

HOW TO CHECK EACH PROPOSAL:
1. Map Reader:
The second argument is initially set as "testing_room", which is a premade file
that I set up to show off each feature of the game. It has everything that can
be tested. However, there are a few other room files that can be switched to by
changing the argument to any other .txt file in the Resource's folder besides
this one. You can also add a second argument, "testing" to make the game render
in 2D, which can be useful for some tests. You can also make your own .txt file
for a custom map using the following key:
'X' = Wall object
'V' = the victory square that ends the game
'2' = chemical barrel (decorative)
'3' = concrete column (decorative)
'A' = ammo pickup
'H' = health pack
'G' = grunt spawn point
'S' = gold crown (gives score points
'\n' = next line
'P' = player spawn point

2. Player spawn
This can be checked by just loading the game. There is also a test case that
shows that the player initializes in the correct position. You can also make a
new custom map and verify that the player spawns at your new 'P' character

3. Player movement
You can check that you correctly turn and move forward with the camera. This can
be seen as the game is running, but the correct turning and movement can be
easier seen from above in the "testing" mode

4. Wall collision
This can be done by running up to a wall (or backing into one) and seeing that
you do not collide or go past it. This is another test that is easier in the
dedicated testing mode as you can see from above that you do not continue past
the walls. You can also test any walls that you make from your new levels.

5. Victory spot
The victory spot visually looks like an inverted triangle that says "call
apogee say aardwolf" for some inside joke reasons from the Wolfenstein team.
Upon collision with said strange inverted triangle, your screen turns green and
the hud image changes to be a smiling photo of our protagonist, thus giving you
a victory message.

6. Wall's raycast rendering
The walls are rendered, as the specifications state, via 60 manual raycasts that
shoot from the player based on their given rotation. The proper way to test this
is to run the game and see that the walls render in a correct way, with farther
walls growing smaller and closer walls growing larger. Horizontal and vertical
wall sides are also a different color to make differentiation easier. the
testing mode also is a good way to see that the raycasts are working
correctly as it shows each step that the raycasts make on the way to their
destination with circles in the horizontal and vertical directions.

7. Enemies react to the player and start shooting:
This can be seen really only in play. In the default testing_room, turning the
corner into like the next chamber and looking at the enemies will cause them to
begin the windup to shoot you. After looking at them, they switch to the "alive"
state, wherein they will start a one second windup before shooting you, dealing
and dealing damage.

8. Shooting
At any point, clicking the mouse button activiates an animation to shoot your
pistol. The center point of the viewport is always stored as an internal
variable that upon clicking, scans the whole like using the check_line_bits
function, dealing damage to any grunts along the way. The grunts in the next
chamber can be shot and react to your bullets, doing an animation both for
taking damage and dying. They take 2 hits to kill.

9. Players health is stored
There is a UI that is constantly visible in the not testing game mode that
always shows your health value, ammo count, and your score. The grunts can deal
damage to you with their shots, and you can also hit the 'p' key (p for pain) to
inflict damage on yourself for easier testing. Hitting 0 hp causes a game over
screen to appear and changes your character icon to a dead one.

10. Ammo caches
There are ammo caches present in the default testing room that you can pick up
that give you back 8 ammo. Your present ammo count is always stored in the UI,
making it easy to see it working.